Adds 'spo file roleassignment remove' command. Closes #3693 (#3746)
pnp/cli-microsoft365: docs/docs/cmd/spo/file/file-roleassignment-remove.md

`-i, --fileId [fileId]`
: The UniqueId (GUID) of the file from which role assignment will be removed. Specify either `fileUrl` or `fileId` but not both

`--principalId [principalId]`
: The SharePoint Id of the principal. It may be either a user id or group id to remove a role assignment for. Specify either `upn`, `groupName`, or `principalId`

`--upn [upn]`
: upn/email of user to remove role assignment of. Specify either `upn`, `groupName`, or `principalId`

`--groupName [groupName]`
: The group name of Azure AD or SharePoint group to remove role assignment of. Specify either `upn`, `groupName`, or `principalId`.`

`--confirm [confirm]`
: Don't prompt for confirming removing the role assignment

--8<-- "docs/cmd/_global.md"

## Examples

Remove role assignment from file with id _b2307a39-e878-458b-bc90-03bc578531d6_ located in site _https://contoso.sharepoint.com/sites/contoso-sales_ based on principal Id _2_

```sh
m365 spo file roleassignment remove --webUrl "https://contoso.sharepoint.com/sites/contoso-sales" --fileId "b2307a39-e878-458b-bc90-03bc578531d6" --principalId 2
```

> Remove role assignment from file with server-relative url _/sites/contoso-sales/documents/Test1.docx_ located in site _https://contoso.sharepoint.com/sites/contoso-sales_ based on upn _user1@contoso.onmicrosoft.com_

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Remove a role assignment by upn from a file by url
```

```sh
m365 spo file roleassignment remove --webUrl "https://contoso.sharepoint.com/sites/contoso-sales" --fileUrl "/sites/contoso-sales/documents/Test1.docx" --upn "user1@contoso.onmicrosoft.com"
```

> Remove role assignment from file with id _b2307a39-e878-458b-bc90-03bc578531d6_ located in site _https://contoso.sharepoint.com/sites/contoso-sales_ based on group name _saleGroup_

Reviewer: Remove a role assignment by id from a file by id
